FundingBox Platform: The FundingBox Platform is an ecosystem of specialised deep tech communities gathering over 35,000 subscribers. 
 
Community: A community is a social channel gathering people in a similar field and willing to help each other in the completion of their goals. The communities in the FundingBox platform are dedicated to specific deep tech topics such as Smart Mobility, Robotics, Decentralised Technologies or Circular Economy. Thanks to the messaging and content sharing functionalities, members can build meaningful connections, grow their knowledge and therefore pursue their goals with more confidence.  
 
FundingBox Community: The FundingBox Community is one of the many communities of the FundingBox platform ecosystem. Unlike its sisters, this community is not related to a specific field but serves a more general purpose for all innovators and innovation promoters as it allows members to access a centralised page with all funding opportunities, find partners for their project as well as relevant content. You can join the FundingBox Community here.
 
Community Spaces: Community spaces are the beating heart of the community as this is where interactions take place. They are conversational areas designed for messaging, sharing articles, questions and files, hence making people and knowledge accessible all the time.
Community spaces are accessible to all the members of a community when public or to a restricted number of them when made private. Community spaces can be of three sorts:
- Chats, similar to any typical conversation feed,
- Forums, a more structured way to display conversations and an easy way to find answers to frequently asked questions,
- The Knowledge Base Repositories, to store or consult for instance a set of tutorials.
 
Categories: Categories act as “folders'' for Community Spaces. In short, various community spaces that deal with similar topics can be associated to one category.  This enables members to navigate more easily across community spaces and find the appropriate area for them in which they can learn, contribute and ask.
 
Collections: Collections are a set of content repositories. Everytime an article, an announcement, an event, a products showcase and more is published, it has to be assigned to a collection so that it doesn’t not get lost in the feed. Later on, members have can easily find the content following the topic browsing through collections. 
 
DM Group: A DM group is a private chat in which you can invite several contacts that belong to your network in the FundingBox platform.
 
Cascade Funding (also known as Financial Support for Third Parties (FSTP)): Cascade funding is a European Commission initiative to distribute public funding in order to assist beneficiaries, such as startups, scaleups, SME and/or mid-caps, in the adoption or development of digital innovation.
 
Open Call: Open calls are the cascade funding mechanism through which potential beneficiaries can apply in order to obtain funding. The application phase is followed by the selection of the most promising entities as well as an acceleration stage.
 
Technology Transfer: A technology transfer is a process of transferring technology from the organisation that owns or holds it to another organisation. Many open calls aim at funding tech transfer experiments between a tech provider and an end-user so that it can later be generalised to a whole industry.
